Update README with new proposal for a new project (#156)
ColumbiaOSS/project-proposals-f2020: bbz2103.md

    - `fast-xml-parser`: parses xml files into a json object and dumps json objects into an xml file
    - `table-to-json`: parses html tables into a json object and vice versa.
  - `js-universal-parser` will be a wrapper around these libraries that exposes an api that allows a seemless conversion of one format to another. Starting with `yaml` and `xml`, through time, it'll be able to support conversions between more and more data serialization languages.

# UPDATE: New Project 
## I have started working on a new project called obscenity-filter. Here is a proposal for the new project:  

Here is my motivation for the new project. I am originally from Ethiopia, where Amharic is the official language of the country. A year ago, I remember doing a google search using the Amharic language and I noticed the autocompletion words that were suggested were extremely obscene. Even though Google supports searching in Amharic, it appears that it didn't have any feature where it filtered out profane words from the list that was generated by the autocompletion algorithm, thus exposing Amharic speakers to some extremely obscene suggestions. 

> ## obscenity-filter

Author: ```suggestion
## [obscenity-filter](https://github.com/Bruk3/obscenity-filter)
```

    - `fast-xml-parser`: parses xml files into a json object and dumps json objects into an xml file
    - `table-to-json`: parses html tables into a json object and vice versa.
  - `js-universal-parser` will be a wrapper around these libraries that exposes an api that allows a seemless conversion of one format to another. Starting with `yaml` and `xml`, through time, it'll be able to support conversions between more and more data serialization languages.

# UPDATE: New Project 
## I have started working on a new project called obscenity-filter. Here is a proposal for the new project:  

> Here is my motivation for it, I am orginially from Ethiopia, where Amharic is the official language of the country. A year ago, I remember doing a google search using the Amharic language and I noticed the autocompletion words that were suggested were extremely obscene. Even though Google supports searching in Amharic, it appears that it didn't have any feature where it filtered out profane words from the list that was generated by the autocompletion algorithm, thus exposing Amharic speakers to some extremely obscene suggestions. 

Author: ```suggestion
Here is my motivation for the new project. I am originally from Ethiopia, where Amharic is the official language of the country. A year ago, I remember doing a google search using the Amharic language and I noticed the autocompletion words that were suggested were extremely obscene. Even though Google supports searching in Amharic, it appears that it didn't have any feature where it filtered out profane words from the list that was generated by the autocompletion algorithm, thus exposing Amharic speakers to some extremely obscene suggestions. 
```
